Even if the company enters bankruptcy auction liquidation
That's worth hundreds of millions
How do we go to the auction?
And business insurance
Do you have that much money?
I don't have it. What do you want to buy?
I know someone
Hello
old man
Borrow some money
Borrowing money without a sister
Do I look like money to you?
Okay, no borrowing, right?
Then I'll retail your zero birds and zero eggs.
Take it all and sell it
And that broken house
I also took it apart and sold it.
Ok ok ok ok
Say you are cruel
But on the way to Weiss' Gate
There is a Chinese guardian
I spent my life knitting with him
How much do you want to tell him, thank you, master?
Master, I wish you a long life
Love you oh
Get it done
That's it.
Stop playing, let's go
president
Why are you here?
President, I can help you first
Help me.
How did you get it back for me?
I know you don't want Summit Media to be left behind
I think we should be poor
We come this time
It's to help you acquire Summit Media